hello Katyusha hello how are you
great katyush we are very good of you
remember last year you came
enough to top 40 you are talented
you need to grow up to gain experience
words pit path got up and for kati with
last over them of course I had
stimulus i was sure i would gain us
the whole way and show a decent level
cheeks turned ishan u favorite project
katina skoda in lhcb tan and widows same on
a maiden
fall and better shukshin less you trying
shares
this name lay at home with a temperature of 39
this creepy infection which is very
strongly affected the kidneys they refused me
kidneys
take said that an hour later caused
fast and I already
Miranda work is not from Moscow on the phone
girlfriend I wrote Kate took in
resuscitation
you arm black army home for rehabilitation
from the same baron whether to revenge cotton wool for
exceptions
more complex diseases that may
lead
and a good result with garlic page a
only from one month to the machine Katia
chop patted dude in northern dawns
a month ago I pulled myself together
i put the sola i started coming in
form
and I hope that today I will show decent
level what do you want to dance on
contemporary but it will be my story
that's exactly the story that's how I went
this year
good luck gossip
oh i like
someone unusual up
I really liked to pass on how much
musically with danced well that's perfect
straight
I enjoyed despite
what are the requirements for you personally this year
we are very high personally I would like to
so that you will continue on our show
Cach technology generally have no complaints all
it was very clean very competently
I see that you worked on it for me
a question on emotion as of
it survived on stage before me is not
got through
somewhere in itself there was a story
experiencing disease
something else but drooping eyes to the floor
I did not see the contacts I did not feel
Katyusha I remember few dancers with
previous seasons but I remembered you
waiting for you is really very beautiful
a real girl, I sincerely believe that
you have enough of a palette of emotions to reveal
hundreds